---REFLOW OVEN---

Use instructions of the NanoSat Lab DIY reflow oven.

Note1: this is the procedure for using the reflow oven at it current state (without any completed physical interface, and without a custom made PCB).
Note2: FLASHING When flashing the arduino the oven must be unplugged from the power, and the buzzer (if connected to the arduino) should be disconnected.
Note3: it is currently configured to work with the NanoSat Lab wifi, this configuration can be changed following steep 0.

	0 ->    The oven probably (if nobody has changed it) the correct files uploaded, if so just skip this steep. 
		Download the script, check the correct ssid and passwords are set and flash the arduino. Take into account that the folder 
		must contain the code .ino and to more files: index1.h and index2.h .

	1 ->    The PCB must have attached to its underside the thermocouple (metal nugget with long white and brown cables) with kapton. Try to secure it well and
		centered. Typically, this steep is done after the PCB has all components placed in it. Then place the PCB as centered as possible in the 
		metal grid inside the oven and close the hatch.

	2 ->    Connect the arduino to your computer or some kind of adequate alimentation. In the oled screen you should see "Connecting to wifi..." , otherwise 
		the alimentation has fail or the code is incorrect.

	3 ->    If the screen is still displaying that message something is wrong. It can be the wifi is not availiable (not working), or the ssid and password are incorrect.
		In the second case go to steep 0.

	4 ->    The screen is displaying "Connected at  xxxxxxxxx standing by". Then, with a device connected to the same wifi, access the server writing xxxxxxxxx (the server IP)
		on the search engine.

	5 ->    One in the server, write the parameters for the reflow. In standard runs use:
			Kp = 90   Ki = 30   Kd = 15  T1 = 150   T2= 200   T3 = 250   D1 = 120   D2 = 50
		
		The PID parameters have been tuned for this precise set of parameters, more tune can be convenient if more accuracy is needed.

	6 ->    Review all parameters are correct, the PCB with the thermocouple is centered and the hatch closed. If so plug the oven into the power and finally click on GO.

	7 ->    Now relax and enjoy the view. We strongly recommend keeping an eye ion the status graph, the oven is at its beta state an something could go wrong. 

	8 ->    When the temperature reaches 250, open the hatch and retrieve the grid to help cool down the PCB. Left it there till the temperatures is below 50 degrees.
		It is possible (if it has been implemented) the buzzer will make a sound then reaching 250 and a blue led will light up.

	9 ->    To bake an other PCB repeat the process skipping steep 2, just pres the reset button and check the furnace structure has cooled down enough.

Enjoy the experience and remember, if you burn a PCB is because you did not take it out in time. Be around when baking and if anything smells a bit plastic unplug it all!!



